did any of you watch The Little Mermaid
live last night there was a very special
event for our network he got big ratings
Dan an all-star cast led by Queen
Latifah John Stamos Shaggy and our very
own Guillermo was a big deal for
Guillermo you know he's never been in
the Little Mermaid before but the
producers gave him a role they made a
costume he spent days rehearsing this on
the Disney lot and this is what happens
when Kiara Bo takes a journey under the
sea hi guys so this is my first day and
a Little Mermaid and they gave me a
trailer so nice so cool so they told me
they say I'm gonna be a fish I don't
know what kind of fish maybe a goldfish
a salmon
I don't know like what redfish I see
seahorse it's a fish maybe IVF you let
it fish I don't know I don't care I just
wanna you know like a fun try the
costume if you would what it is that's
it so what I'm gonna be doing I mean it
it is a it's a very simple production
number it's a Blowfish
if there's a lot of dancing and it's a
big object
I mean Umbro II you have yeah I wasn't
an Aladdin she stole from my car how
long is my part like I'm not so excited
I'd like two minutes two minutes how big
is it maybe two maybe three seconds two
or three seconds so if I blink you miss
me well we're hoping no one's gonna
blink cause you're in such a great
costume
Wow
this is the Woodruff for a little mer me
yeah yeah this yeah this is the right
total guys come on guys
hi how are you how you guys doing nice
to meet you nice to meet you you guys
made up for me we've got a nice surprise
let's try on the units great
[Applause]
[Music]
beautiful Rob is it fantastic what's
good hold up ball arms Noren so i just
kind of dance like this what what do I
do if I want to go to the bathroom
not sure yet we're gonna work on that
maybe solution so I just go in the ocean
right I feel like a fish for the first
time I feel like I can swim because I
don't know how to swim yeah I don't know
how to swim at all did you do the
warm-up that we talked about before we
go into rehearsal today no I'm I'm still
nervous
I only only does when I'm drunk the
warm-up we discuss okay that's all right
you know I used to be I used I danced
with Wayne Stefani oh you did yeah
[Music]
I think I hope I gotta do better with
you guys so I'm gonna need your help do
the line it says oh that Blowfish blow
so I just know the turn first
Oh fish though but but I turned my
costume I don't have no orange like some
hips though maybe yeah do you know this
was life that's live it's Little Mermaid
live so you cannot make a mistake
no I can't know you so rehearsal you
think I'm doing good
no terrible I would say terrible but
it's not good I'm kidding
anything you do is good because you know
why because you have wife and you are
and you're you're happier how do you
have a happy face that's why we put you
in that costume do it digit it so what
do you do with you you haven't you're
nervous you know what advice would you
have for me
Thomas it down gets all the nerves gone
it relaxes you
oh yeah yes hi Damon the the he's a
character you know he's he's he's a
character
[Music]
I'm very nervous there's no tequila here
as I can only water its face is terrible
for me but I cannot wait for this
to be finished
[Music]
I'm excited I won't have to do it once
so if I messed it up that's it it's over
I danced like a fish now I'm gonna go
drink like a fish
[Applause]
beautiful
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies